### Title: “Data Mining H1”

### Date: “2023-01-27”

### Author: “Qin Xia, Wenhan Li, Yufeng Hu”

## Question 1
![unnamed-chunk-1-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122301851/215584424-bf05b6dd-68e0-4330-9704-face31fb0385.png)

![](H1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-1-1.png)

The figure above shows the top 30 commercial flight destinations from
the Austin-Bergstrom International Airport in 2008. Not surprisingly,
the top three destinations are the Dallas Love Field Airport,
Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, and the George Bush
Intercontinental Airport in Houston. This can be attributed to both the
high frequency of travel between major metropolitan areas in Texas and
the importance of these areas for transfer flights. Other high frequency
flight destinations include Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport,
Denver International Airport, and O’Hare International Airport.

## Question 2

#### A

    ##   q95_height
    ## 1        186

The 95th percentile of heights for female competitors across all
Athletics events is 186 cm.

#### B

    ## # A tibble: 1 × 2
    ##   event                      max_sd
    ##   <chr>                       <dbl>
    ## 1 Rowing Women's Coxed Fours   10.9

The single women’s event that had the greatest variability in
competitor’s heights across the entire history of the Olympics, as
measured by the standard deviation, is Rowing Women’s Coxed Fours.

#### C
![unnamed-chunk-4-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122301851/215584449-8e989034-6281-49c6-b930-a6978cc80aaf.png)

![](H1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-4-1.png)

The average age of Olympic swimmers rises slowly with each year. Male
and female players showed different trends. There was no women’s
swimming competition in the early 1900’s. The number of male swimmers
rose until 1924. With the addition of female swimmers, the number of
male swimmers has dropped dramatically since 1924. The average age
changed little over the next 50 years. Since 1975, the average age has
risen slowly with each year.

## Question 3
![unnamed-chunk-5-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122301851/215584466-0f7de187-aeba-465d-918b-86e824ddb6be.png)

![](H1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-5-1.png)

    ##   k    rmse
    ## 1 9 10250.9
![unnamed-chunk-5-2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122301851/215584473-a6333b59-8b59-40ca-aacc-7591a31e5a88.png)

![](H1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-5-2.png)

Note: since there are 416 observations of the 350 trim and the
proportion of testing data used is 0.2, k is set from 2 to 80 to show
full trend.
![unnamed-chunk-6-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122301851/215584484-4f1de695-3a81-4d84-8636-6c46051ccbe9.png)

![](H1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-6-1.png)

    ##    k     rmse
    ## 1 18 13744.48
![unnamed-chunk-6-2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122301851/215584495-d6f796e5-0451-4ea8-82c8-d7f792c758e1.png)

![](H1_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-6-2.png)

Note: since there are 1413 observations of the 63 AMG trim and the
proportion of testing data used is 0.2, k is set from 2 to 250 to show
full trend.

After viewing the results, the 63 AMG trim yields a larger optimal value
of K. This is because the 63 AMG trim has more than three times the
amount of observations as the 350 trim. Because there are more
observations, the model can take more data into account and has more
flexibility in reducing the overall variance of the model. Of course,
this is not always true due to the random nature of the training/testing
split. After running the codes multiple times, we observed a few
occasions where the 350 trim has a larger optimal value of K, but this
is rare.
